main-en.strand

postprocess.frag.glsl
textures/error.png
textures/black.png
textures/white.png
textures/blank.png
textures/ditherGrid.png
textures/border.png
textures/dialogueBg.png
textures/sweetheart squad.png

font/fontfnt.fnt

audio/bgm.mp3
audio/voiceDefault.mp3

audio/sfx_click1.mp3
audio/sfx_click2.mp3
audio/sfx_click3.mp3
audio/sfx_click4.mp3
audio/sfx_click5.mp3
audio/sfx_hit.mp3
audio/sfx_miss.mp3
audio/sfx_overheat.mp3
audio/sfx_scan.mp3
audio/sfx_shield.mp3

textures/title.png
textures/title2.png

textures/chest 1.png
textures/head Tallboy 2000.png
textures/arm 1.png
textures/leg 1.png
textures/leg 2.png

textures/button_normal.png
textures/button_over.png
textures/button_down.png

textures/buttonCombat_normal.png
textures/buttonCombat_over.png
textures/buttonCombat_down.png

textures/buttonArrow_normal.png
textures/buttonArrow_over.png
textures/buttonArrow_down.png

textures/cell button_normal.png
textures/cell button_over.png
textures/cell button_down.png
textures/cell damaged.png
textures/cell detect_empty.png
textures/cell detect_filled.png
textures/cell target.png
textures/cell shield.png
textures/cell joint.png

textures/module debug cockpit.png
textures/module debug attack.png
textures/module debug shield.png
textures/module debug heat.png
textures/module debug joint.png
textures/module debug radar.png
textures/module cockpit 1.png
textures/module cockpit 2.png
textures/module cockpit 3.png
textures/module Cheap Plating.png
textures/module Standard Plating.png
textures/module Superior Plating.png
textures/module Tee.png
textures/module Bar.png
textures/module Bar2.png

textures/module extender 1.png
textures/module extender 2.png
textures/module extender 3.png

textures/module rocket 1.png
textures/module crosshair.png

textures/module shield 1.png
textures/module shield 2.png
textures/module shield 3.png

textures/module sink 1.png
textures/module sink 2.png
textures/module sink 3.png
textures/module sink 4.png

audio/voiceDanny.mp3
audio/voiceDiane.mp3
audio/voiceJudy.mp3
audio/voiceMadge.mp3
audio/voiceMurrow.mp3
audio/voiceRhiannon.mp3
audio/voiceSara.mp3
audio/voiceSongbird.mp3

textures/portrait Danny.png
textures/portrait Diane.png
textures/portrait Judy.png
textures/portrait Rhiannon.png
textures/portrait Songbird.png

textures/scroll_track.png
textures/scroll_thumb.png

textures/panel.png

textures/heatbar empty.png
textures/heatbar full.png
